Update rewards.mdx (#487)
onflow/flow: docs/content/staking/rewards.mdx

# Rewards

**Rewards are paid at 10:00pm PT (06:00 GMT Wednesday) on Tuesday**, every week, to all users that have tokens staked. 

Once distributed, rewards are unlocked and liquid, so they can be transferred at any time. Some custody 
providers might require extra steps to withdraw user staking reward so please contact your respective 
provider to get additional information as needed.

**Epochs end at 10:00pm PT Tuesday (06:00 GMT Wednesday)**, every week, with the next epoch beginning immediately. 

> Please note that staking requests will be processed by the protocol at the start of the next epoch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that all staking operations that interact with staked tokens will be processed by the protocol at the start of each epoch. 
```
